# Introduction:

The image mosaicking and tiling technique is a method used to process large images by dividing them into smaller tiles, which are then individually processed and finally combined to reconstruct the original image. This technique is particularly useful for handling large datasets, such as satellite images, medical images, or high-resolution photographs, where processing the entire image at once may not be feasible due to memory or computational constraints.

# Description:

This Python script provides functions for both tiling an image into smaller tiles and reconstructing the original image from these tiles. It utilizes popular libraries such as NumPy, PIL (Python Imaging Library), and Matplotlib for image manipulation and visualization.

**tile_imageRGB function:** This function takes an input image and divides it into smaller tiles. It first converts the image to a NumPy array and then extracts tiles based on specified tile size and overlap.  

**mosaicking_mage function:** This function reconstructs the original image from the tiles generated by the tile_imageRGB function. It accumulates the values of overlapping regions of tiles and then create the final image. The script also includes a sample usage section where it loads an image, tiles it, displays a single tile using Matplotlib, and then reconstructs the original image from the tiles using the mosaicking_mage function. The script can create a perfect mosaic image from tiles, but for higher overlapping, the reconstruction doesn't look smooth, whereas for lower overlapping values, it's perfect.

Overall, this script provides a simple yet effective method for dividing large images into manageable tiles and reconstructing them afterward, facilitating easier processing and analysis of such images.

# Running the Code:
_Install Required Libraries:_
Before running the code, ensure that you have the necessary libraries installed. You can install them using pip:
Copy code
pip install numpy pillow matplotlib
Clone the Repository:
Clone the repository containing the code from GitHub using the following command:
bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/your_username/your_repository.git
Set Up Input Image:
Place the image you want to process in the same directory as the script or specify its path in the code.
Run the Script:
Open the Python script in your preferred editor or IDE. Modify the parameters such as image_path, tile_size, and overlap as needed. Then run the script.Example:
bash
Copy code
python mosaic_tile_script.py
View the Results:
After the script finishes executing, you will see the tiled image displayed using Matplotlib. Additionally, the reconstructed image will be generated and displayed. You can adjust parameters and rerun the script to observe different results.
